Alright everyone, let's get started. I know we're all busy so I'll keep this tight.
I pulled the numbers from last week and honestly, I'm a little freaked out.
We did fourteen hundred tickets last week. Fourteen hundred. That's up almost twenty percent from the month before.
Wait, fourteen hundred? Are you sure that's right?
Dead sure. I triple-checked. And our average handle time is like twenty-two minutes per ticket.
Yeah, and that's the ones we actually get to. The backlog is just growing.
Right. So if you do the math, we're spending over five hundred hours a week just on tickets. With six agents.
That's... not sustainable. What are we thinking in terms of solutions?
I mean, the obvious one is we need more people. Can we hire like three more agents? That would at least stop the bleeding.
Each agent costs us about sixty-five K fully loaded. So that's almost two hundred K for three.
I'm not saying no, but we need to think about whether that's the best use of the budget.
Wait, can I ask something maybe obvious? Do we know what people are actually emailing us about?
Oh, I can tell you. About thirty percent of tickets are onboarding questions.
Easily. "How do I set up my account," "where's the import button" —
— "why can't I connect my calendar," yeah. The same five questions over and over.
Okay so that's like four hundred tickets a week that probably shouldn't even exist. That's a product problem.
Honestly, we should just rip out the broken onboarding flow and rebuild it. That causes like thirty percent of our tickets right there.
Rebuild onboarding? That's a quarter-long project minimum. What do we do in the meantime?
So here's what I've been thinking. What if we set up auto-responses for the top five ticket types? Like actual templates.
Customer writes in about calendar sync, they immediately get a step-by-step reply. No agent has to touch it unless they write back.
We tried something like that six months ago and it was terrible. People hated it.
Because the templates were bad! They were written by marketing. No offense to marketing.
Ha. Fair point.
Why don't we just build a help center? Like, put the top twenty articles up and link people there before they even write a ticket?
We have a help center. It's just... nobody can find anything in it.
That's because the search is broken and the articles are from 2023. Half the screenshots are wrong.
Okay but what if we actually made it good? Like a real self-serve help center with the top twenty articles, updated, searchable?
I actually think that's reasonable. What would that cost us, Priya?
If we use something off-the-shelf, maybe two weeks of eng time plus content writing. Not bad.
While we're talking about tooling, can we please talk about the triage situation?
Right now I'm literally eyeballing every ticket and deciding priority in my head. There's no system. No dashboard. Nothing.
Yeah, I've been wanting to build an internal ticket triage dashboard for a while. Something that shows volume by category, SLA status, who's working what.
Is that different from what Zendesk already gives us?
Zendesk gives us data. It doesn't give us a view that actually helps us make decisions. There's a difference.
She's right. I've been asking for this for months.
Okay, I want to come back to something. Devon, you mentioned auto-responses. What about going further than templates?
What if we used AI for suggested replies? Like, the agent still sends it, but the AI drafts a response based on the ticket.
Oh, like a copilot for support? I've seen demos of that. It could be really good.
There are tools that do this. They plug into Zendesk. I can look into what's out there.
What's the price range on something like that? Ballpark.
Depends. Some charge per-seat, some per-resolution. Probably fifty to a hundred bucks per agent per month.
So less than a thousand a month for the team. That's nothing compared to a new hire.
Wait, can I ask another dumb question?
There are no dumb questions, Alex. Go ahead.
Why are we doing everything over email? Like, wouldn't in-app chat be way faster?
People wouldn't have to wait hours for a reply. They could just get help right there in the product.
I mean, yes, in theory. But that's a huge migration. You're talking about changing the entire support channel.
And I'd need to staff for real-time. That's a different model entirely.
I don't hate the idea long-term, but we can't do that while we're drowning. That's a next-quarter thing at best.
Actually, one thing that might help right now — what if we tag tickets by root cause?
Like systematically. Not just "billing" or "bug" but the actual root cause. Then we can see patterns and fix things upstream.
We kind of do that already, but it's inconsistent. Everyone tags differently.
Right, so we standardize the taxonomy. Maybe ten to fifteen root-cause categories. Make it required.
I like that. Because then we can actually go to product and say "hey, this specific thing causes two hundred tickets a week, fix it."
Data-driven. I like it. That's how we get engineering to listen.
Oh! Speaking of things that cause a ton of tickets — outages. Every time something goes down, we get slammed.
People literally email us to ask if the site is down. While the site is down. It's chaos.
Don't we have a status page?
No.
Oh.
Yeah. We've been asking for one forever. A status page would kill probably ten percent of tickets during incidents.
Statuspage dot io. It's like fifty bucks a month. I can set it up in a day.
Sold. That's the easiest win on this list.
Oh, while we're talking about things we should have — okay I know this is getting long —
No keep going, this is good.
What about office hours? Like a weekly live Q-and-A. Customers can jump on, ask questions, we answer them in real time.
It deflects tickets and it makes us look like we actually care. Which we do.
Who's running that? We don't have extra bandwidth.
Rotate it. One agent per week, one hour. That's it. And we record it, post the recording.
I actually love that. Low cost, high signal.
Plus if people see the recordings they might not even need to come to the live one. It compounds.
Look at the new hire with the big ideas.
Okay, I want to throw one more thing out there. This is more long-term, but hear me out.
What if we built a customer health score? Like a metric that predicts which customers are likely to file tickets before they do.
Based on usage patterns, feature adoption, account age. We could do proactive outreach.
That sounds like a data science project. Do we have the data for that?
We have more than you think. Product analytics, ticket history, billing data. It's all there. Just nobody's connected the dots.
I mean, it's cool, but it's not going to help us this month. Or next month.
Agreed. I'm just saying it should be on the roadmap. We keep playing defense.
That's a good segue actually. Because I think we also need to talk about how the team is structured.
Right now everyone handles everything. What if we did a tier-one, tier-two split? Tier one handles the quick stuff, tier two handles the complex stuff.
We talked about that last year and nobody wanted to be on tier one. It's soul-crushing to just reset passwords all day.
But if we automate the easy stuff, tier one is less soul-crushing. It's more about routing.
And it's better for career development. Tier two could be a growth path.
Wait, why don't we just automate tier one entirely and then everyone is tier two?
Because you can't automate judgment, Alex. Some "easy" tickets are actually complex.
Right, okay. Yeah that makes sense.
Okay I want to try to land this. We've got a bunch of ideas. Some are quick, some are huge. Let me try to recap.
Quick wins: status page, auto-responses for top five ticket types, standardize root-cause tagging.
Medium effort: self-serve help center refresh, AI suggested replies, the triage dashboard, office hours.
Big bets: rebuild onboarding, move to in-app chat, customer health score, hire three agents, tier-one tier-two reorg.
That's a lot. We can't do everything. We need to prioritize.
I'd say status page and root-cause tagging are basically free. Just do those.
And the AI suggested replies pilot. Low cost, potentially huge impact on handle time.
Alright, let's figure out what to actually commit to. Can we get a framework or something?
Yeah. Let me pull together the effort and impact for each one and we'll make a call by end of week.
But seriously, if we don't do something soon, I'm going to lose people. The team is burnt out.
We know. That's why we're all here.
We'll figure it out. Good meeting everyone.
Thanks team. I'll send out notes by tomorrow.
That was really helpful. Thanks everyone.